hey guys it's chris with another real
quick episode if i was in five just
going to swap hands for my left to my
right my bride to my left hand so i can
actually hold this a little bit better
now if you just watch my video
previously on how to update your pr3 to
custom firmware 3.5 5.2 rebug then this
is basically to tell you guys how to
update that so what you're going to do
again is go to that Reebok site it is
just there sorry reebok ma I'm not doing
enough computer like last time I'm just
going to do it real quick as a handheld
video and you're going to download the
0.6 update for 3.5 5.2 so what we're
going to do i'll scroll down and there
it is just on the bottom reblog update
this one you're going to click that they
will download the links same as the
update for the actual custom firmware
you get the links download standard on
here and I save everything to my
downloads folder which I will just find
in a second there I guess to save money
downloads a ps3 happy you'll end up with
rebug update package 0.6 etc that's the
PKG file plug in the same USB stick you
may have used before and copy it onto
that I've already done that whoops there
we go just there and what we're going to
do I'm going to close out of all this
and I'm going to take USB stick out and
go to the ps3 doing this all in the same
day I've gotten ps3 set up and
downloaded everything so this it's kind
of nerve-racking for me and we'll go wow
look at the ps3 excuse me go to package
manager oops package manager install
package files from install package files
from your folder some your storage
device Oh what no package files found
hey I never my mistake there it is
so hit that please wait installing
install complete so cool rebug update
there it is we'll hit that it's running
running running running it's gonna go
out of focus cuz there's nothing to
focus on reblog update yoyoyo the
codename rebug offers no warranty take
some responsibility for any damage which
may be caused by selling or using the
software and saw your own risk update
will perform the following tasks what
will actually do install updated rebug
select a 1.5
one and 1.6 on packages to ps3 def
underscore flash reverb packages install
four-point-oh version spoof files has
spoof ad react PSN to point o
compatibility I like the sound of all of
those things yes ah screens frozen what
happened I did push x oh god over now Oh
is he or she achieves you update
complete system will reboot reboot
update package 0.6 now say for me to
live from your ps3 pres so-called ps3
will now restart if we look at the
little life downside uh were you gonna
do any flashes at all nope you're just
gonna think a lot i love that it comes
up with rebug I can't believe this is
happening but yeah there we go that is
the update that is incredibly simple to
do so just in case you missed what I did
before instead of going to I can delete
that now come on PlayStation controls
turned on triangle delete yes go on now
in case you missed what I did i plug my
USB in went down to package manager max
go down to install package and standard
package location install from the
standard install package files locations
not package fold i miss i mix that up so
yeah there we go that's all good um
anyway comment rate subscribe to all the
cool stuff check out the websites i
write for on my twitter down below and
I'll see you guys later merry christmas
and a happy new year oh my